README.md, before:

# Learn Machine Learning with me.

```
I'm also a beginner so, If you want to join me on this journey tag along. I'll document what I do and learn and you can use it as a resource.
```
## Starting off with a course.

> For the start I'm gonna follow a JS machine learning course from [freecodecamp.org](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDDjtwQDw2k&t=1955s) on youtube.


### Course Description
```
We will build a web app. In which you can draw anything and the app will try to identify which object did you draw using machine learning.
```

### Why did I choose this course?
- Because it's beginner friendly
- It's in javascript ( a language I'm familiar with)
- It isn't a black box course, where you just use bunch of different libraries and make the app but don't know what's really going on.

### Things we'll do in the course
> Phase 1:
- [ ] Building a web app
- [ ] Data Collection
- [ ] Data Manipulation
- [ ] Feature Extraction
- [ ] Data processing and visualization
- [ ] Nearest neighbour method
- [ ] Data Scaling
- [ ] K-Nearest neighbour method
- [ ] How to calculate decision boundaries

> Phase 2:

- [ ] Higher dimension
- [ ] Neural Networks
- [ ] Data cleaning
- [ ] Clustering
- [ ] Graphs

> Extras:
- [ ] Can say it's a good introduction to OOP if you haven't used it before.
- [ ] Intro to DOM manipulation

### DAY 1

- [ ] Html file, with div with id content
- [ ] add stylesheet and script
- [ ] create a class and constructor for SketchPad
- [ ] Use script to spawn Sketchpad on the htmlpage

- [ ] Add context and addeventlisteners method to the class of the sketchpad.
> '# represents that addeventlisteners is a private method
- [ ] Define addeventlisteners, use on mousedown event 
> Use getBoundingClientRect, clientX, clientY attributes to get mouse cordinates
- [ ] Add attributes path and isDrawing to class Sketchpad
- [ ] Add on mousemove event
- [ ] Add on mouseup event

- [ ] Create and use a new private method called get mouse to simply get mouse cordinates easily, so we don't need to define the same functionality again and again.
- [ ] Create a new private method redraw which will clear the canvas and draw the path.
- [ ] Create a new utility called draw.js in Web/js folder, attach the script in HTML, do read the comment there.

> [Learn more about Spread Operator](https://medium.com/coding-at-dawn/how-to-use-the-spread-operator-in-javascript-b9e4a8b06fab)

- [ ] create a public method called 'path' to create path using stroke, you might run into few errors so don't give up easily

> I guess this much is more than enough for the day 1. Sayonara, do come back tomorrow. Also do checkout my social media profiles to connect with me.

Commit message:

🗓️Day 2 ( README, creator.html, style.css, draw.js, sketchPad.js)

README.md, after:

# Learn Machine Learning with me.

```
I'm also a beginner so, If you want to join me on this journey tag along. I'll document what I do and learn and you can use it as a resource.
```
## Starting off with a course.

> For the start I'm gonna follow a JS machine learning course from [freecodecamp.org](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDDjtwQDw2k&t=1955s) on youtube.


### Course Description
```
We will build a web app. In which you can draw anything and the app will try to identify which object did you draw using machine learning.
```

### Why did I choose this course?
- Because it's beginner friendly
- It's in javascript ( a language I'm familiar with)
- It isn't a black box course, where you just use bunch of different libraries and make the app but don't know what's really going on.

### Things we'll do in the course
> Phase 1:
- [ ] Building a web app
- [ ] Data Collection
- [ ] Data Manipulation
- [ ] Feature Extraction
- [ ] Data processing and visualization
- [ ] Nearest neighbour method
- [ ] Data Scaling
- [ ] K-Nearest neighbour method
- [ ] How to calculate decision boundaries

> Phase 2:

- [ ] Higher dimension
- [ ] Neural Networks
- [ ] Data cleaning
- [ ] Clustering
- [ ] Graphs

> Extras:
- [ ] Can say it's a good introduction to OOP if you haven't used it before.
- [ ] Intro to DOM manipulation

### DAY 1

- [ ] Html file, with div with id content
- [ ] add stylesheet and script
- [ ] create a class and constructor for SketchPad
- [ ] Use script to spawn Sketchpad on the htmlpage

- [ ] Add context and addeventlisteners method to the class of the sketchpad.
> '# represents that addeventlisteners is a private method
- [ ] Define addeventlisteners, use on mousedown event 
> Use getBoundingClientRect, clientX, clientY attributes to get mouse cordinates
- [ ] Add attributes path and isDrawing to class Sketchpad
```
path is an array which will store value for each pixel we need to connect to create a stroke
isDrawing is a boolean, which will work like a flag to decide whether we're in drawing mode or not.
```
- [ ] Add on mousemove event
- [ ] Add on mouseup event

- [ ] Create and use a new private method called get mouse to simply get mouse cordinates easily, so we don't need to define the same functionality again and again.
- [ ] Create a new private method redraw which will clear the canvas and draw the path.
- [ ] Create a new utility called draw.js in Web/js folder, attach the script in HTML, do read the comment there.

> [Learn more about Spread Operator](https://medium.com/coding-at-dawn/how-to-use-the-spread-operator-in-javascript-b9e4a8b06fab)

- [ ] create a new public method called 'path' in draw utility to create path using stroke, you might run into few errors so don't give up easily

> I guess this much is more than enough for the day 1. Sayonara, do come back tomorrow. Also do checkout my social media profiles to connect with me. 

### DAY 2

- [ ] Create a new public method called 'paths' in draw utility
> For it to work, you need to change path array to array of arrays paths in sketchPad class.
- [ ] Modify the code related to path accordingly, and use the new method paths instead of path from draw.
- [ ] Use meta tag to adjust the viewport
- [ ] Add touch events for mobile compatibility, use touches[0] to make sure you record only first touch
- [ ] Add overscroll to styles to control scroll behaviour

- [ ] Add an undo button to the canvas
- [ ] Add a onclick event listener to the button, define the undo functionality
- [ ] Undo button shouldn't work after earasing the last stroke.
- [ ] Shouldn't work when canvas is blank in start as well
- [ ] Using normal event listeners will throw warning to you, so switch them with passive listeners

- [ ] Create user onboarding, make sketchpad hidden for that time
- [ ] Now let's store the data for each user, it's done in '<script>'
- [ ] Create an array to store labels of drawings
- [ ] Iterate through the array to tell the user what they need to draw
- [ ] Store their drawing
- [ ] Reset canvas when user go to next drawing, keep the method public as we're calling it outside the class
